>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
Just two pieces of realtime follow up is,
so,
when I was working before we
saw that it hung on the update.
So we did a little research, by we I
mean Jackie and I did some research.
And we found out basically it's we're
just trying to reapply the name,
that's where it hung up, so the update
was successful so if you Ctrl+C and
rename it everything is fine, it's good.
The other thing that we
learned from having 20 or
so Tessels in the same room is that it
might default to one that is not yours.
So mine is, that is not robot computer, we
could export and environment variable and
that will actually then point it
to the one we want to point to.
So you can actually just put in this in
your console and then you should point.
So instead of bulbasaur I'm gonna do.
>> Steve Kinney: RobotComputer.
Just one thing to keep in mind is that,
because I didn't put that in
my batch profile or anything like that,
this is good for this tab.
All right, if you do open another tab
then you would have to do it again or
you can put in your best profile and
then it will be for
every future tab that you open as well,
either way you should be good to go.